{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red20\green21\blue23;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c10196\c10980\c11765;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34360\viewh21680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 1. \uc0\u1505 \u1488 \u1493 \u1504 \u1491  + \u1510 \u1489 \u1506  
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 ""For me, music is a visual explosion. Every instrument has its own color. I was listening to a jazz piece yesterday and the trumpet was a vibrant, piercing yellow, almost like a laser beam. The bass guitar, on the other hand, was a deep, velvet purple that filled the bottom of my vision. When they played together, the colors didn't mix like paint, they layered on top of each other like transparent sheets of colored glass.""בפ
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 2. \uc0\u1505 \u1488 \u1493 \u1504 \u1491  + \u1510 \u1493 \u1512 \u1492  
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "I don't just hear sounds, I see their geometry. A sharp, sudden noise like a glass breaking looks like a jagged, silver zig-zag that flashes for a split second. A constant hum, like a refrigerator, looks like a long, translucent cylinder stretching out into the distance. People's voices are the most interesting; some are perfectly round bubbles, while others are like thin, vibrating wires."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 3. \uc0\u1505 \u1488 \u1493 \u1504 \u1491  + \u1512 \u1490 \u1513  
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "Certain sounds trigger intense emotional responses that have nothing to do with the context. The sound of a cello makes me feel a sense of overwhelming security and warmth, like being wrapped in a heavy blanket. Conversely, the sound of crinkling plastic causes a feeling of sudden, irrational anger and panic. It\'92s not just that I dislike the sound; it\'92s an immediate emotional shift that I can't control."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 3.5. \uc0\u1505 \u1488 \u1493 \u1504 \u1491  + \u1505 \u1508 \u1512 \u1492  
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "For me, the world of sounds is a world of visual mathematics. When I hear a drum beat, I see a sequence of numbers flashing to the rhythm of the music. Every sound has a numerical \'92value\'92- sharp, high-pitched sounds feel like the numbers 1 or 4, while deeper sounds look like larger, rounder numbers like 8 or 0. When I listen to a song, every musical note is immediately translated into a different digit."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 4. \uc0\u1488 \u1493 \u1514 \u1497 \u1493 \u1514  + \u1510 \u1489 \u1506  
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "I\'92ve always seen letters in color. To me, it\'92s impossible to think of the letter 'A' without seeing it as a bright, primary red. 'B' is a royal blue, and 'C' is a sunny yellow. When I read a book, the pages aren't black and white; they are a flickering rainbow of colors. If a word is written in the 'wrong' color on a sign, it feels physically uncomfortable to look at, like a spelling error that hurts my eyes."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 5. \uc0\u1488 \u1493 \u1514 \u1497 \u1493 \u1514  + \u1512 \u1490 \u1513 
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "Letters have very distinct personalities to me. 'H' is a very dependable, stoic male figure who doesn't say much but is always there. 'S' is a flamboyant, slightly gossipy woman who likes to be the center of attention. When I see words, it\'92s like watching a social interaction. For example, the word 'The' looks like a very serious conversation between a leader (T) and two followers (h and e)."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 6. \uc0\u1505 \u1508 \u1512 \u1493 \u1514  + \u1510 \u1489 \u1506 
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "Numbers have had colors since I was a toddler. 1 is white, 2 is a pale yellow, 3 is pink, 4 is a dark blood-red, and 5 is grass green. Math was always easy for me because I didn't see equations; I saw color patterns. Adding 2 and 3 was like watching yellow and pink come together to create the green of 5. It makes the world of data feel very aesthetic and organized visually and spatially."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 7. \uc0\u1505 \u1508 \u1512 \u1493 \u1514  + \u1512 \u1490 \u1513 
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "Numbers have social lives. 1 is very lonely and a bit of an elitist. 2 is kind and motherly, always looking after 1. 3 is a bratty child, and 4 is a grumpy old man who is tired of 3\'92s antics. 7 is the 'cool' teenager of the group, very aloof and mysterious. When I see a phone number, I don't just see digits; I see a whole family dynamic playing out in a row. Each number carries a personality, a role, and a place in the group."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 8. \uc0\u1505 \u1508 \u1512 \u1493 \u1514  + \u1510 \u1493 \u1512 \u1492 
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "When I think of numbers, they exist on a physical path in space around me. Numbers 1 through 20 go in a straight line directly in front of my chest. At 21, the line takes a sharp 90-degree turn to the left and starts climbing upwards until it reaches 100. From 100 onwards, the numbers disappear into a vast spiral that goes behind my head. I have to physically 'look' to the left in my mind to remember dates or do mental math."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 9. \uc0\u1510 \u1493 \u1512 \u1492  + \u1510 \u1489 \u1506 
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "Shapes have inherent colors that can never be changed. A circle is always a deep, ocean blue. A square is a solid, opaque orange. Triangles are always a sharp, acidic lemon yellow. When I see a black-and-white drawing of geometric patterns, my brain automatically fills them in with these colors. A star shape is especially vivid; it's always a shimmering metallic silver with a hint of violet at the edges."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 10. \uc0\u1510 \u1493 \u1512 \u1492  + \u1512 \u1490 \u1513 
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "I have a strange reaction to certain shapes. Perfectly smooth, rounded surfaces give me a feeling of immense relief and calm. However, seeing a cluster of small, irregular triangles or jagged shapes makes me feel extremely anxious and 'itchy' inside. It\'92s a visceral emotional reaction to the geometry of objects. Complex, messy shapes make me feel deeply depressed and unsettled."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 11. \uc0\u1488 \u1493 \u1514 \u1497 \u1493 \u1514  + \u1510 \u1493 \u1512 \u1492 
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "The alphabet isn't just a list; it's a physical structure. For me, the alphabet is arranged in a giant horseshoe shape that floats about two feet in front of me. 'A' is at the bottom left tip, the curve of the horseshoe peaks at 'M' and 'N' at the top, and 'Z' ends at the bottom right tip. When I try to spell a word, I mentally trace the jump from one point of the horseshoe to another."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 12. \uc0\u1510 \u1489 \u1506  + \u1512 \u1490 \u1513 
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 "Colors are the primary way I experience emotions. If I\'92m feeling happy, the world actually looks brighter, as if someone turned up the saturation, and I see flashes of gold in my peripheral vision. Grief is not just a feeling; it\'92s a heavy, oppressive charcoal grey that seems to coat everything I look at. When I\'92m angry, I see sparks of a very specific, dirty orange-red that clouds my vision."\
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 13. \uc0\u1488 \u1493 \u1514 \u1497 \u1493 \u1514  + \u1505 \u1508 \u1512 \u1493 \u1514 
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 "My mind organizes all sequences together. Letters and numbers share the same physical 'track' in my head. The letters A-Z occupy the first half of a great circle, and as soon as Z ends, the number 1 starts and continues the circle. They are made of the same 'material' in my mind. It\'92s like they belong to the same family of objects, arranged on a continuous, rotating ring in space."\
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 14. \uc0\u1505 \u1488 \u1493 \u1504 \u1491  + \u1488 \u1493 \u1514 \u1497 \u1493 \u1514  
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "When I hear people speak, I see the letters of the words they are saying scrolling across a screen in my mind, like closed captions. But the letters are influenced by the sound; if someone has a gravelly, deep voice, the letters look blocky and made of stone. If someone has a high-pitched, melodic voice, the letters appear in a flowing, cursive script that glows slightly as if alive."\
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 15. \uc0\u1512 \u1490 \u1513  + \u1505 \u1508 \u1512 \u1493 \u1514  
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 "Whenever I feel a strong emotion, a number pops into my head. Pure joy is always the number 7. Anxiety is a constant, flickering 9. When I\'92m bored, I feel like the number 0 is expanding to fill the room. It\'92s not that I\'92m counting, it\'92s that the feeling itself has a numerical value. I can describe my day to my partner by saying 'I feel like a 4 today,' and for me, that perfectly describes a specific type of dull, heavy sadness."
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 === SAME-TYPE PAGES (Definition Texts) ===
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 16. Shape + Shape (0-0)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Shape is the external appearance or outline of an object, defining the boundary with its surroundings. It focuses on geometric structures like circles or squares, regardless of color or material. This "silhouette" allows our eyes to identify and distinguish different objects in space. Categorizing these outlines helps us effectively organize and interpret the physical world.\
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 17. Sound + Sound (1-1)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Sound is a physical vibration traveling as a wave through matter until reaching the ear. The brain translates these waves into hearing, allowing us to perceive voices and noises. Characterized by varying frequencies, it is a fundamental element of communication and environmental awareness. This sensory input enables music, conversation, and alertness to changes in our surroundings.\
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 18. Letter + Letter (2-2)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 A letter is a graphic symbol serving as the basic building block of writing and language. It represents specific speech sounds, translating spoken language into a visual form. Combinations of letters create words and sentences for conveying information and knowledge. Through standardized symbols, humans record history and communicate across vast distances and time.\
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 19. Number + Number (3-3)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 A number is an abstract concept describing quantity, measurement, counting, or position within a series. Digits are specific symbols representing these values visually. As a fundamental tool in logic and mathematics, numbers help organize data and perform calculations. Beyond counting, numerical systems provide the framework for scientific discovery and modern global infrastructure.\
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 20. Emotion + Emotion (4-4)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Emotion is an internal reaction triggered by thoughts, events, or social interactions. Expressed through subjective feelings like joy or fear, it is often accompanied by physiological changes. Emotions help us evaluate situations, make decisions, and respond to our world. While personal, these states are expressed through facial and body language, fostering empathy and connection.\
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 21. Color + Color (5-5)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\ri480\rtlpar\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Color is a visual experience where the brain interprets how objects reflect or emit light. The human eye detects electromagnetic wavelengths, translating them into the visible hues we see. This element helps us distinguish details, identify objects, and provide aesthetic meaning. Cultural and biological factors influence perception, attaching symbolic meanings like danger or peace to specific shades.\
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
}